Conditions for Using Low-charge Beds 
(A) General 
1. 
In accordance with the conditions set out in the land grant, the Hospital provides 66 low-charge beds 
admitting patients, which are currently located at the following wards: 
⚫ 
Integrated Unit (19/F, Main Tower): 66 beds 
 
2. 
The patient should be at 15 years of age or above and holder of Hong Kong permanent identity card. 
3. 
Priority will be accorded to patients referred from the hospitals of Hospital Authority to Hong Kong 
Adventist Hospital – Tsuen Wan. Any patients admitted into low-charge beds under the care of   
Resident, Associate or Visiting Doctors are on a first-come-first-served basis.  Priority will be given 
to the patients without medical insurance coverage or with minimal coverage, if the number of 
applications exceeds the number of low-charge beds available. 
4. 
Day cases, limited to any operative or interventional procedures performed under sedation or 
anaesthesia excluding local anaesthesia, could also be admitted into low-charge beds. 
 
 
(B) Fee and Charges for Low-charge-beds 
1. 
The daily maintenance charge for low-charge beds will be HK$300 which covers bed, three meals 
and general services including nursing.  For day-case patients, a day case charge of HK$250 which 
includes bed, one meal and general services including nursing will be applied.  Special attention is 
drawn to the fact that the Surgeon’s fee, the Anaesthetic fee, the Doctor’s ward round fees, the 
Clinical Pathologist’s charges and the other hospital charges listed out in B(2) and (3) below are 
excluded from the above daily maintenance charge. 
2. 
The expensive items, i.e. drugs, medical supplies and devices, surgical implants, radioactive tracer 
isotopes, consignment items and third party charges, are charged at procurement cost plus 
administrative charge of not more than 10% of the procurement cost. 
3. 
Except for the expensive items listed in B(2) above, patients have to pay for the other hospital 
charges, which are fixed at not exceeding 50% of the similar charges applied to Semi-Private 
(Second Class Beds).  However, “Discharge Medications” is considered as out-patient’s 
medications, and will not be included in the low-charge bed scheme. 
 
(C) The preferential terms applicable to low-charge beds are excluded from the 
following conditions: 
1. 
After admission into the low-charge bed, the patient requests to transfer to other bed class of non-
low-charge bed; or 
2. 
The Hospital has the absolute right to arrange the patient to transfer to other appropriate ward such 
as isolation/special unit, or to the hospital of Hospital Authority for continuation of care if the patient 
requires emergent or acute care upon the change of condition that is beyond the scope of services 
being taken care in the above-mentioned Low-charge Bed Units. 
 
In the above conditions, except for transferring to the hospitals of Hospital Authority, all the hospital 
charges will be reverted to the prices corresponding to the bed class since the day of transfer. 
 
(D) Others 
1. 
Before admission, the attending doctor and the patient have to sign to accept the above conditions.  
The Hospital reserves the right to change or amend the conditions without prior notification. 
2. 
The Hospital reserves the right and has the final decision of admitting patients into the low-charge 
beds. 
 
Patient Business Office 
Hong Kong Adventist Hospital – Tsuen Wan  
 
有關入住香港港安醫院—荃灣低收費病床之條款 
(甲) 一般事項 
(1) 
按政府批地條款要求，本院提供66 張低收費病床，供病人使用。低收費病床現設於： 
⚫ 
綜合病房(主座19 樓) : 66 張 
 
(2) 
病人必須為香港永久性居民身份証之持有人及年滿十五歲或以上人士。 
(3) 
由醫院管理局轄下的醫院轉介往本院接受入院診治的病人，將會獲得優先處理。其餘的
名額將分配由本院或掛單醫生，以先到先得的方式安排。倘若入院病人的人數超逾低收
費病床可供應的病床數目，優先權將給予沒有購買醫療保險或只有少額醫療保險的人士。 
(4) 
低收費病床亦可供接受日間手術的病人使用，但只限於必須使用鎮靜或全身麻醉藥物後
進行的手術。 
 
(乙) 收費事宜 
(1) 住院基本收費每天港幣300 元，包括房租、三餐膳食及一般護理費用。接受日間手術的病
人，收費為港幣250 元，包括房租、膳食一餐及一般護理。請特別留意上述收費並不包括
外科醫生手術費、醫生巡房費、麻醉科醫生費、臨床病理學家費及以下乙(2)及(3)項內所列
舉的其他相關的醫院收費。 
(2) 部份昂貴的檢查性/治療性/放射性服務、藥物、植入儀器、設施及透過供應商以委託形式
所提供的服務，病人使用有關服務只需繳付該物料或服務的醫院成本價，另附加不超逾百
分之十的成本價作為醫院行政費用。 
(3) 除乙(2)項外，病人支付的其他醫院費用以本院半私家 (二等病房) 費用之半價計算，惟醫
生處方的出院藥物，則不包括在「低收費病床」的計劃內。 
 
(丙) 低收費病床的優惠，不適用於以下的情況： 
(1) 
病人入住低收費病床後，如要求轉往本院其他非低收費病床(包括任何等級)；或 
(2) 
病人入住低收費病床期間，如需要緊急或急性治療，或病人情況變化，以致超出上述低
收費病房能力處理，本院有絕對決定權安排病人轉往本院内其他合適病房，如隔離病房
或特別治療病房，或安排病人轉往醫院管理局轄下任何醫院。 
 
因應以上的情況，除轉介往醫院管理局轄下的醫院繼續接受治療外，所有醫院的收費，由轉房
後起按本院該病床等級收費計算。 
 
(丁) 其他事項 
(1) 病人入住低收費病床前，主診醫生及病人必須書面簽署確認接受以上條款。如以上條款有
任何更改，恕不另行通知。 
(2) 香港港安醫院—荃灣保留安排病人入住低收費病床之最終決定權。 
 
 
 
香港港安醫院—荃灣病人出/入院登記處 
Revised on 更新日期：2026-06 
