Type 項目 
Special Price 優惠價 
Booking & Inquiries 預約及查詢 
Terms & Conditions 收費細則 
Diagnostic Imaging Services 診斷影像服務 
Up to 40%  低至6折
Up to 40%  低至6折
Up to 20%  低至8折
Up to 10%  低至9折
Up to 30%  低至7折
Up to 30%   低至7折
Up to 35%  低至65折
Up to 35%  低至65折
Up to 20% 
低至8折
2275 6340 
2275 6915
2275 6166
For Out-patient Only
只限門診病人
For Out-patient Only
只限門診病人
Only For Hong Kong Permanent 
Resident Who Suffers From
Coronary Artery Disease
只適用於患心臟病之香港永久性居民
Up to 25% 
低至75折
Up to 25% 
低至75折
MRI 磁力共振 
CT Scan 電腦掃描 
General X-Ray Examination X光檢查 
Ultrasound Examination 超聲波掃描
Mammogram 乳房X光造影 
Bone Densitometry 骨質密度檢查 
PET/ CT Scan 正電子電腦掃描 
PET/ CT Scan 正電子電腦掃描 
Cardiac Services 心臟專科服務 
Clinical Laboratory Services 臨床化驗室服務 
All Laboratory Tests 
(Except Histopathology Services)
所有化驗項目 (組織病理學除外)
心導管檢查
Cardiac Catheterization
PCI
冠狀動脈介入治療術 
Remarks
   
．Priority will be accorded to patients referred from the hospitals of Hospital Authority to Hong Kong Adventist Hospital – Tsuen Wan. Any patients admitted into low-charge beds under the care of Resident, Associate or Visiting Doctors are on a first-come-first-served basis. 
        Priority will be given to the patients without medical insurance coverage or with minimal coverage, if the number of applications exceeds the number of low-charge beds available.
   ．Patients are required to provide their medical records as supplied by the Hospital Authority, or the personal identification number (PIN) that will allow Hong Kong Adventist Hospital - Tsuen Wan doctors to access their information. For more details, please call the 
   ．Patients are required to provide their medical records as supplied by the Hospital Authority, or the personal identification number (PIN) that will allow Hong Kong Adventist Hospital - Tsuen Wan doctors to access their information. For more details, please call the 
        "Electronic Patient Record Sharing Pilot Project" hotline at 2300 6654.
   ．All the above offers cannot be used in conjunction with other promotional offers. 
   ．Hong Kong Adventist Hospital – Tsuen Wan reserves the right to update the fee schedule, brochure, terms and conditions. Any change of fee schedule will be announced and notices will be published in advance, in accordance with the statutory notice period. 
        Any other changes except the fee schedule may be made at any time as it sees fit without prior notice, you are advised to check the latest information before using our services.
        Any other changes except the fee schedule may be made at any time as it sees fit without prior notice, you are advised to check the latest information before using our services.
備註
．由醫院管理局轄下的醫院轉介往本院接受入院診治的病人，將會獲得優先處理。其餘的名額將分配由本院或掛單醫生，以先到先得的方式安排。倘若入院病人的人數超逾低收費病床可供應的病床數目，優先權將給予沒有購買醫療保險或只有少額醫療保險的人士。
．病人須提供醫管局之病歷紀錄，或提供有關授權號碼，以授權本院醫生讀取有關資料，詳情可致電「醫療病歷互聯計劃」熱線2300 6654查詢。
．折扣不可與其他優惠同時使用。
．香港港安醫院—荃灣保留修訂收費表、單張內容、條款及細則之權利。任何的收費表調整將會根據法定的通知期提前發出通告和作出宣布。其他與收費表以外的相關修訂，則可能不作另行通知，閣下於使用本院服務前查閱最新資訊。
2026年公立醫院轉介優惠
Special Offer for Referrals from Public Hospital 2026 
