40 Stubbs Road, 
Hong Kong 
Phone: 3651-8805 
Fax:     3651-8801 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N-2203 
Health Care Advisory 
 
This advisory is for the information of ALL patients who are hospitalized at Hong Kong Adventist Hospital – Stubbs Road 
(“the Hospital”).  Please read this carefully BEFORE selecting your hospital room. 
 
Room Category: In Hong Kong, most hospitals vary their charges according to Room Category (Standard, Semi-
Private, Private and VIP). “Private Room” is any type of single occupancy room regardless of the number of beds.  
The higher category room, the higher the accompanying charges will be applied. Please check with your 
insurance company to confirm which categories are covered.  
 
Room Rates: The daily room charge includes nursing care but not meals, physician fees, medication fees, diagnostic 
tests, laboratory, Operating Theatre charges and other ancillary services.   
 
For admissions to the General Unit (commences upon registration), a full-day rate is charged for the first 24 hours or less.  
Thereafter, if the subsequent stay is less than 12 hours, a half-day rate will be charged otherwise a full-day rate will be 
applied.  (Not applicable to package) 
 
For new admissions or each transfer to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) / Special Care Unit (SCU), the above rules will 
apply.   
 
Isolation: Isolation room rate will be charged if a single room isolation precaution is required according to physician 
order and guidelines of the Hospital / Department of Health. When isolation order is relieved by the physician, patients 
should be transferred to the pre-booked category room as informed by the nurse. If you choose to remain in the single 
room after the isolation order is relieved, the higher room category will be charged including all ancillary charges and 
physician fees. 
  
No allowance is given for leave from hospital taken at your convenience. 
 
Physician Fees: Besides in-house General Practitioners, our hospital does not regulate physician fees which may vary 
with each doctor and usually according to the room category.  Ward round fee will be charged by the physicians on daily 
basis. You are advised to clarify expected costs with your doctor(s) before admission. 
 
Patients treated or admitted to the Hospital are under the direct care, supervision and responsibility of their attending 
physician. In general, most physicians, specialists, surgeons and independent contractors furnishing services to patients 
are not employees or agents of the Hospital.  Please contact the Admission Office Staff for details.  
 
Ancillary Charges: Ancillary charges such as Diagnostic Imaging, Operating Room, Cardiac Catheterization & 
Interventional Center etc will vary according to the room category.  Surcharges apply for the weekend, public holidays, 
non-office hours or non-scheduled time. Please refer to our Fee Schedule for details. Hospital office hours are from 
8:30a.m. to 5 p.m. (Mondays to Fridays) and 8:30 a.m. to 12 noon (Sundays).  
 
Room Change: Room rates are subject to the highest room category on the day of change. If you want to change 
room/bed, please make arrangements with nurses and verify all necessary charges and room rate with Admission Office. 
Most insurance companies do not cover the bed movement charge.  We will try every effort to accommodate your 
request depending on room availability.  The hospital reserves the right to make changes of room/bed for patients as 
needed. 
 
There is a 48 hours requirement notice for room category change following non-packaged surgery.  Once a 
package has commenced, it cannot be down-graded but can be upgraded. If an upgrade applies, the entire 
package will be charged at the higher rate.  
 
Settlement of Hospital Accounts:   
Interim bills are issued every 5 days (For ICU patients, bills are issued every 3 days) or if the outstanding balance 
reaches HK$100,000 which is payable within two days upon bills received.  All hospital accounts must be settled before 
discharge and a 2% surcharge per month will be made on all accounts not settled within 30 days.  Kindly note that at 
least one hour is needed to process billing, discharge medication and other documentation. 
 
If you have any questions regarding your hospital bills, please feel free to ask the Admission Office staff.  
A Fee Schedule is also available for your reference. 
 
 
 
If there is any inconsistency or ambiguity between the English version and the Chinese version, the English version shall prevail. 
 

40 Stubbs Road, 
Hong Kong 
Phone: 3651-8805 
Fax:     3651-8801 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
N-2203 
住院須知 
 
此住院須知乃為所有入住香港港安醫院–司徒拔道(“本院”)人士的重要資料，請於選擇房間類別前細心閱讀本
須知。 
 
房間類別：本港大部份私家醫院的所有住院收費會根據病人入住房間類別而收費 (貴賓、私家房、半私家房及普
通房)。 
「私家房」乃單獨使用的病房，非視乎病房內的病床數目而定。房間類別愈高，相關的服務收費亦相對較高；請
與   閣下的保險公司諮詢保單所涵蓋的房間類別。 
 
房間收費：房租只包括護士服務，並不包括膳食、醫生、藥物、放射診斷、化驗、手術室及內外科用品等費用。 
 
如入住一般病房不足一日（以註冊入院時間為準），房租以整日計算。住院多於二十四小時，其後不足十二小
時者，房租以半日計算，否則將以整日計算。 (不適用於優惠套餐) 。 
 
每次入住深切治療室 / 特别護理病房，房租計算模式跟入住一般病房相同。 
 
隔離 : 如經醫生評估，或根據醫院/衞生署的規定，認為病人有必要接受單獨隔離，本院將向病人收取隔離房間
入住費用。而當醫生取消單獨隔離規定時，病人應根據護士指示，轉移至原先預訂的房間類別。如 閣下在取消
隔離規定後仍選擇保留入住該房間，本院將會根據較高的房類別收取費用，包括所有輔助費用及醫生費。 
 
若於住院其間請假暫離醫院，房間租金仍須計算。 
 
醫生費：除附屬於本院之普通科醫生外，本院並無制定私家醫生的收費規條。醫生的收費一般以所住房間之類
別計算，而醫生巡房費會按日計算，故請在入院前先向主診醫生查詢有關的費用。 
 
在醫院內治療或留院之病人，均直接由主診醫生照顧、監護及負責。一般而言，大部份為病人服務的醫生、專
家、外科醫生及獨立承包商均不屬醫院僱員及代理。詳情請向出入院登記處查詢。 
 
輔助費用：輔助費用如影像診斷、手術室、心導管檢查及介入治療中心等亦將按照所住之房間類別收取。如在
星期六、公眾假期、非辦公時間或非預約時間內使用本院服務，本院將收取額外費用。詳情請參考本院之價目
表。本院的辦公時間為星期一至星期五，上午八時三十分 至下午五時及星期日上午八時三十分至中午十二時。 
 
更換房間：轉房當日將以較高房租計算。 閣下如欲轉換房間類別或病床，請通知當值護士，並向出入院登記處
查詢有關費用。部份保險公司並不包括有關費用。我們將盡力安排以達至 閣下的要求，但仍需視乎情況而
定。此外，本院亦有權在必要時調遷病人床位或房間。 
 
沒有參加手術套餐計劃的人士如需要更改房間類別，必須於48 小時前通知本院。套餐計劃一旦確認，房間類別
只能上調而不能下調，且所有相關的服務收費亦將隨房間類別調整。 
 
付款及結賬： 
住院費用每五天(深切治療室病人每三天)結賬一次或若費用超出港幣十萬時亦須繳交所有費用。請於收取中期賬
單後兩日內結賬。 所有費用須於出院前清付。如超過三十天仍未清付，本院將每月額外收取百分之二的費用。
由於出院時主診醫生須要填寫病歷記錄、藥房調配出院藥物及須時處理住院單據等文件，大部份出院程序約需
一小時方可完成。 
 
閣下如有任何疑問或需要參考本院之價目表，請向出入院登記處查詢。 
 
中英文版本如有歧異，概以英文版本為準。 
