香港港安醫院—司徒拔道保留修訂收費表、單張內容、條款及細則之權利。任何的收
費表調整將會根據法定的通知期提前發出通告和作出宣布。其他與收費表以外的相關
修訂，則可能不作另行通知，閣下於使用本院服務前查閱最新資訊。
Hong Kong Adventist Hospital - Stubbs Road reserves the right to update the fee 
schedule, brochure, terms and conditions. Any change of fee schedule will be announced 
and notices will be published in advance, in accordance with the statutory notice 
period. Any other changes except the fee schedule may be made at any time as it sees 
fit without prior notice, you are advised to check the latest information before using 
our services. 
SR-NEURO-CSP-2025001
2025/05 Revised 修訂


Hong Kong Adventist Hospital - Stubbs Road reserves the right to 
update the fee schedule, brochure, terms and conditions. Any 
change of fee schedule will be announced and notices will be 
published in advance, in accordance with the statutory notice 
period. Any other changes except the fee schedule may be made at 
any time as it sees ﬁt without prior notice, you are advised to check 
the latest information before using our services. 
For more details, please contact us on (852) 3651 8993, or visit our
website at www.hkah.org.hk.
The package above is only applicable to treatments given within 
the Special Care Unit.
Extra charges may apply if the following items are required:
The Acute Stroke Treatment Package is also available at the 
semi-private rooms in the Special Care Unit. Arrangements may be 
made with nurses on duty, subject to accommodation availability. 
Please contact our staff for details.
4.
1.
3.
2.
Interventional treatment or surgery
Emergency services or use of medical supplies excluded from
the package
Extra laboratory tests or examinations excluded from the package
Extra medication excluded from the package
2025/05  Revised

香港港安醫院—司徒拔道保留修訂收費表、單張內容、條款及細則
之權利。任何的收費表調整將會根據法定的通知期提前發出通告和
作出宣布。其他與收費表以外的相關修訂，則可能不作另行通知，
閣下於使用本院服務前查閱最新資訊。
如欲進一步了解，請致電 (852）3651 8993 或瀏覽本院網站
www.hkah.org.hk。
以下專案將另收費，詳情請向本院職員查詢：
介入治療及外科手術
其他緊急治療及使用額外設備
額外檢查和化驗
其他藥物
特別護理病房（半私家）亦提供「急性中風治療套餐」服務。當值
護士會盡力配合病人需要，但仍須視乎當日入住情況而定。詳情請
向本院職員查詢。
上述套餐只適用於在特別護理病房接受治療。
4.
3.
2.
1.
2025/05  修訂
