Prices will be effective on:  2023/1/1 (Subject to the latest version) 
 
Edition: 2023/3/28 
Information for Patient Health Records Request 
 
1. 
Complete the “Health Records Request” form.  Submit the Form and all relevant supporting documents to Medical Records Department 
by email / fax / post or in person. 
 
2. 
All relevant supporting documents must be submitted for verification of identity upon submission.  If patient’s data is requested by 
patient’s parents or legal guardian / deceased patient’s personal representative “Section 6 – Particulars of Applicant” of Health 
Records Request Form must be completed.  
 
Requestor 
Patient 
Required Supporting Documents 
Patient 
Aged 18 or above 
- Photocopy of HKID/passport of patient 
Patient’s Parents / 
Legal Guardian 
Aged below 18 
- Photocopy of HK Birth Certificate of Patient (relationship proof & identification) 
- Photocopy of HKID/passport of patient’s parents / legal guardian 
Patient’s Personal 
Representative 
Deceased 
- Photocopy of HKID/passport of patient 
- Photocopy of HKID/passport of personal representative 
- Photocopy of relationship proof 
- Photocopy of Death Certificate of patient 
- Probate Grant or Letter of Administration ( issued by the court appointing the 
personal representative to administer the deceased patient’s estate) 
Authorized Person 
Aged 18 or above 
- Photocopy of HKID/passport of patient 
- Photocopy of HKID/passport of authorized person 
Other supporting documents may be required. 
 
3. 
All relevant information, such as type and date of a test report, OPD attendance date, hospitalization period, etc. must be specified on 
the request form. 
 
4. 
In normal circumstances, requested documents will be released within 14 working days after receiving of the completed application form 
and required documents.  If the applicant failed to provide sufficient documents, the application may be delayed or declined. 
 
5. 
Fees:  please refer to the table below for details.  Fees should be paid prior to the release of documents requested.  No refund will be 
made once an application is made.  Charges for registered mail / courier service shall be paid by the requester. 
 
Types of Document 
Charge 
 
Administration Fee 
 
Record copy 
20 or less pages 
 
$250 
 
> 20 pages 
 
$250 
+ $6 per each additional page 
Priority service (request received less than 2 
working days) for less than 20 pages 
$700 
+ $6 per page 
 
Copies of medical records on CD (images of X-
ray, CT, MRI, etc are not included.  Contact the 
concerned directly for the request.)   
$100 
$300 per CD for per patient 
 
$300 for per subsequent CD 
Insurance Claim 
1st Inpatient Insurance Claim Form 
(for each admission) 
Free 
1st Outpatient Insurance Claim Form 
- 
 
+ To be confirmed by the doctor 
Subsequent patient Insurance Claim Form (for 
both In and Out patient) 
$200 
+ To be confirmed by the doctor 
Life Insurance Form 
 
- 
+ To be confirmed by the doctor 
Medical report 
 
- 
+ To be confirmed by the doctor 
Letter of Certification (e.g. birth date & time, admission date & time, etc.) 
 
- 
$400 
Immunization Record Book (for newborn baby) 
 
- 
$400 
6. 
Payment Methods: 
A. 
Cash, EPS, or Credit Card:  Pay at the Cashier Counter of Hong Kong Adventist Hospital – Stubbs Road 
B. 
Cheque:  All cheques should be crossed and made payable to the “Hong Kong Adventist Hospital – Stubbs Road” with 
patient’s hospital number written on the back. 
 
7. 
To protect the privacy of patient and according to the Hospital policy, patient information will not be sent by fax or email unless fax 
number/email address is registered with the Hospital and patient has authorized the Hospital to release the information by signing on the 
registration form (version dated Mar 2018 or after).  If requested documents are not collected within three months of the request, they 
will be destroyed by the Medical Records Department. 
 
8. 
To ensure data privacy, person collecting documents at MRD must produce his / her identity document. 
 
9. 
Application and Enquiry: 
Address 
: 
Medical Records Department 
Telephone: 
(852) 3651-8809 
 
 
Hong Kong Adventist Hospital – Stubbs Road 
Fax: 
(852) 2892-0950 
 
 
40 Stubbs Road, Hong Kong 
Email: 
med.records@hkah.org.hk 
 
 
 
 
 
Office Hours 
: 
Monday to Friday: 
09:00 – 17:30 
 
 
 
Sunday: 
09:00 – 13:00 
 
 
 
Saturday & Public Holiday: 
Closed 
 
 
40 Stubbs Road, Hong Kong  
香港司徒拔道40 號 
Tel 電話 (852) 3651 8809 
Fax 傳真 (852) 2892-0950 
www.hkah.org.hk 
